Scheduler: create getTimeZones description (#1302)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/ui/dxScheduler/getTimeZones(date).md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Gets the list of time zones.

##### param(date): Date | undefined
A date for which to get time zones. If undefined, the current date is used.

##### return: Array<Object>
A list of time zones.

---

Each time zone is an object with the following fields:

* **id**: String
A time zone text string from the IANA database.

* **offset**: Number
A GMT offset.

* **title**: String
A formatted time zone representation. Includes the **id** and **offset** values.

> `getTimeZones` accepts a past date to get a list of time zones valid at a particular moment. This is because time zones change due to daylight savings or other reasons.

Reviewer: Let's move this paragraph to before the list.

```suggestion
This method can accept a specific date to get a list of time zones valid at a particular moment. This is useful because time zone offsets can change, for example, due to daylight savings.
```

The following example illustrates how to use the method:

    const timeZones = DevExpress.ui.dxScheduler.getTimeZones(new Date(2020, 6, 21));
    // ===== or when using modules =====

>     import dxScheduler, { getTimeZones } from 'ui/scheduler/ui.scheduler';

Reviewer: Please clarify with the developer whether this code is valid.

    const timeZones = dxScheduler.getTimeZones(new Date(2020, 6, 21));

>     // The timeZones array has the summer-time offsets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // The timeZones constant contains the following array:
```
